[GOKU yelling]
[NARRATOR]
Perhaps. dear viewers.
some among you have
lived long enough to recall
the name Red Ribbon Army.
A sinister force led by the
ruthless Commander Red.
They plotted to
conquer the Earth
with their mechanized
military might.
but their plans were thwarted
by one remarkable boy
known as Goku.
[NARRATOR]
Goku's final assault
left the evil army's
headquarters in ruins.
but Dr. Gero.
the brilliant researcher
who created the
infamous Androids.
escaped with his life.
Meanwhile. Commander
Red's son. Magenta.
vowed to continue his father's
mission in secret.
Biding his time and
building up a war chest
under the guise of the Red
Ribbon Pharmaceutical Company
in hopes of one day restoring
the army to its former strength.
Time passed. and Dr. Gero
continued his research
in a hidden lab.
Even going so far as
to transfer his own brain
into one of the Androids.
But soon. he. too. was foiled
by Goku and friends.
meeting his end at the hands
of his own creation.
Android 17.
However. a new threat
quickly emerged
when the Doctor's final
experiment. Cell.
the ultimate living weapon.
was unleashed upon the world.
Falling to Goku's allies only
after a long and costly battle.
[NARRATOR]
In the face of these setbacks.
Magenta was nearly
ready to give up
on reviving the Red Ribbon Army
and fulfilling his
father's ambition.
But upon learning that
Dr. Gero's grandson. Dr. Hedo.
was an even greater genius.
Magenta resolved
to take advantage
of the young scientist's talent
and ignite the flames
of vengeance once more.
So this fella here is
Dr. Gero's grandson?
Dr. Hedo. Twenty-four years old.
Twenty-four and already
a doctor. PhD or MD?
Both. and that hardly
begins to cover it.
Here's a brief rundown.
♪
[CARMINE]
Carmine presents...
Made yourself a little logo. eh?
I did.
The child of Dr. Gero's
second son and his late wife.
Hedo lost both of his parents
in elementary school.
but even at his young age.
he was capable of
living independently
off his inheritance.
His brilliant intellect
earned him his first doctorate
at the age of 14.
but it seems his
unorthodox personality
made him a poor fit
for every laboratory
he tried to work with.
And he's spent most
of his inheritance
funding his own
proprietary research.
A misunderstood genius
in need of cash?
Sounds like somebody
I'd really like to meet.
[slurps. grunts]
Get me a cup of tea!
[ROBOT A]
Orders received.
You'll have to wait
three months.
[MAGENTA]
For a cup of tea?
Excuse me.
You can meet him in three months
after he's served
out his sentence.
[ROBOT A]
Pardon the intrusion.
[MAGENTA]
Wait. he's doing time? What for?
Right. that.
In an effort to secure
more funding.
he stole three fresh bodies
from the morgue
and converted them
into primitive Androids.
then put them to work
at a convenience store.
They'd have made more if
they had just robbed the place.
How stupid can a genius be?
But no matter.
We're not looking
for business sense.
He knows more about
Androids than Dr. Gero.
[MAGENTA]
Ow!
What? It's hot!
In any case. we need
his talents if we're gonna
bring back the Red Ribbon Army!
[MAGENTA yelps]
[PRISONER A]
Stay gone. dumbass!
[PRISONER B]
Don't ever come back. you slime!
[PRISONER C]
Go flush yourself. turd!
[PRISONER D]
What're you lookin' back for?
Get it out of here!
[PRISONER E]
Oh crap. Run!
Dr. Hedo. am I right?
Pleasure to meet you.
Pardon the intrusion.
My company--
That. of course.
being Red Pharmaceutical.
Uh? Hey!
How the heck did you
already know who I was?
I checked you out earlier.
Checked me out how?
Your driver's been scouting me.
It would be difficult not
to notice a car with a dome
driving slowly past
the prison's athletic field.
That struck me as suspicious.
so I had him followed.
Followed by whom?
Hachimaru! To me.
[chuckles]
He's a bee I modified into
a cyborg surveillance agent.
He caught a ride
to Red Pharmaceutical
Company headquarters
where I saw your driver
reporting in on me.
Not bad. Doctor.
Although I'd be more impressed
if you told me
why I was looking into you.
I can take an educated
guess on that.
There were a few things
I couldn't make out.
But I'm fairly sure I heard
"Red Ribbon" once or twice.
Great! No need to linger
on introductions then.
You must be jonesin' for one
of these right about now.
[HEDO] Could you make some
more space. please?
--Uh. Yeah.
--I'm closing the door.
[HEDO]
All right. I'm in.
[MAGENTA]
So. how was life on the inside?
Hope you didn't catch too much
grief from the other prisoners.
There were some guys who
gave me trouble early on.
but people who mess
with me have a way
of mysteriously turning up dead.
Do they really?
It's a shame what happened
with your grandfather. Dr. Gero.
Is it? We never talked.
I was a little kid back then.
and I don't even know
how the man died.
Just a name on the
family tree. you know?
I see.
Interesting to learn that he
wasn't an influence on you.
But you still share his passion
for creating Androids.
As well as his dream of
building the ultimate Android.
Wonderful. You and I want
exactly the same thing!
After my father Red passed on.
I was the one who took over
funding Dr. Gero's research.
Losing his genius was quite
a blow to our cause.
I get it now.
You need to replace
the genius of Dr. Gero.
and you'd like to
take this opportunity
to upgrade to the super
genius of Dr. Hedo.
Couldn't have said it better.
So. my friend. how about
we help each other out?
I can provide whatever you
need--personnel. equipment.
And 300 million for each
completed unit. too.
A difficult choice.
Oh. yeah?
How can I make it easier?
Of course. this is hardly
public knowledge.
but Red Pharmaceutical
is a front organization
used to fund the Red
Ribbon Army. correct?
When I was a small child.
my parents rather
despised your little group.
For twisting my Grandpa's mind.
Wow. you're better informed on
all this than I thought. huh?
[HEDO]
And furthermore.
I'm a fan of powerful.
cool-looking super heroes.
Whereas the Red Ribbon Army.
last I checked.
seems distinctly villainous.
A horde of faceless lackeys
bent on world domination.
[MAGENTA laughs]
You're a fascinating man.
Perhaps it looks like we're
trying to take over the world.
but that couldn't be
further from the truth.
What I wanna do
is wipe out people
who threaten me
or resist my will.
so I can build a peaceful world
where everyone lives in harmony.
I'm like a champion of justice.
Right. In other words.
you wanna use force
to turn the world into
what you think it should be.
Well. I've got zero interest
in wielding power.
Continuing my research
is all I care about.
My friend. if you're after
a bigger incentive.
please let me up my offer
to one billion per unit.
You won't let me refuse. huh?
Good guess.
Could've skipped that
whole conversation then.
So. pal.
Safe to assume we
have a deal. hmm?
Let's be clear.
I'm not afraid of that gun.
My skin was injected
with a special drug
that allows it to withstand a
considerable amount of impact
without injury. Furthermore...
One sting from this bee
is deadlier than any bullet--
even if you have
an artificial body.
Whatever biological parts
you've got will fail instantly.
[MAGENTA. HEDO screaming]
I'm agreeing to work
with you for one reason!
I'd like to spend
obscene amounts of money
creating the greatest Android
ever known to mankind.
and you're willing to give me
as much as I want!
Allow me to tell you once more:
This is purely a
business endeavor!
We're not friends. understood?!
Yeah. got it!
So. who are you actually after?
[MAGENTA]
The fighters who defeated Cell.
[HEDO] Meaning Mr. Satan.
if I'm not mistaken.
[MAGENTA] Not quite.
We know he's involved.
but the operation
behind the scenes
centers on Bulma.
of Capsule Corp.
Her whole organization
is a front.
[HEDO]
The Capsule Corporation?
As in. the Brief family dynasty?
I've never heard a
bad thing about them.
Oh. no?
There have been reports
near their HQ.
Mystery people flying through
the air. day in and day out.
Not a word of explanation.
So we looked into it ourselves.
They're extraterrestrials.
Aliens?
Yeah! Think about
it for a minute.
Complex machines
in tiny capsules.
intergalactic space flight...
Do you really think it's just
plain old human technology?
The aliens gave 'em
access to all that.
The Capsule Corporation
is doing the groundwork
for their invasion of Earth!
Sounds like a bad anime.
Oh. it's true. Here's a video.
It'll change your mind.
This was a few years ago.
Look what they're doin'
and try to tell me
these aren't aliens
fighting even weirder
aliens right here on Earth.
Most likely over who gets to
move in once we're conquered.
Looks like the Capsule
Corporation came out on top.
Whoa. But if Bulma's group is
capable of something like that.
couldn't they take over by force
instead of creating
a corporate front?
Obviously. they plan on
enslaving us all
and using us as
their labor force.
They'll turn our world
into a stinkin' paradise
for themselves.
Then annihilate humanity
in one shot
to make room for their
buddies from back home.
This is what inspired your
grandfather to create Cell.
his masterwork.
Dr. Gero saw
the Capsule Corporation
using alien technology
to soak up the world's wealth
as they prepared us
for invasion.
and he sent Cell to confront
them in the name of humanity.
but the traitors beat him back.
Then. Androids 17 and 18
turned against mankind
and joined forces with
Bulma and her minions.
Seems we're dealing
with quite a formidable foe.
Indeed. and they've
got other allies.
Like a terrible creature
called Majin Buu
and the Great
Demon King Piccolo.
And the famous Dr. Bulma
herself. Is she an alien. too?
I would guess so.
♪
This world needs a hero.
Good. We agree.
You got what it takes to create
the ultimate Android
and defeat this threat
to humanity?
♪
You shouldn't even have to ask.
Right now.
I've got a new purpose.
To create the most
powerful Android
this universe will ever know.
And look cool.
Uh. Uh-huh. So. then!
The return of the
Red Ribbon Army is near!
--Huzzah!
[PAN grunting]
[PAN yells]
Hm?! [growls]
Owie!
You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine!
All right.
That's all for today.
[PAN]
Here.
You're doing good.
Seriously. Gohan--
Sorry. your dad didn't even show
this kind of potential as a kid.
Then when can I learn new stuff?
Can we start doing energy blasts
like the Kikoha now?
Goten and Trunks both
know how to do it!
Like I keep telling you.
no projectile techniques
till you've got the
fundamentals down.
You can't even fly yet.
But flying is hard.
[PICCOLO] Which is why
you need to practice.
--Aw!
--Give it a shot.
Don't force it. Will it.
Do that. and your spirit
will take control.
[exhales] It's not working.
[PICCOLO chuckles]
No need to beat yourself up.
You're three years old.
You've got plenty of time.
Besides. you have the blood
of a Saiyan warrior
flowing through you.
You'll be a natural once
you're over that first hurdle.
Hey. Piccolo?
[PICCOLO]
Yeah?
Is it really true that Papa
could be even stronger
than Grandpa if he wanted to be?
Grandpa?
Oh. Goku. right.
Well. it used to be. These days.
I'm not entirely sure.
It's kinda hard to imagine
Papa in a fight. though.
[PICCOLO] He hasn't needed
to fight for a while.
but he will
when the time comes.
[PICCOLO]
Okay. You're gonna be late.
'Kay. I'll see you again
when preschool lets out!
[phone vibrating]
Hey. Videl. what's up?
[VIDEL]
Ah. good morning. Piccolo!
Hate to ask. but is
there any chance
you'll be free at
all this afternoon?
Maybe? I'd been planning
on training. like usual.
What for?
Yeah. sorry.
We're gonna be
having a tournament
in the combat sport
class I teach.
I won't be able to pick up
Pan from preschool.
I know. I know.
I don't want to impose.
but I was hoping you could swing
by and get her for me instead.
What happened to Gohan?
He's got a lot on his plate.
Right now he's working
on a research report
to present for work.
He hasn't been out of
his room for a few days.
Seriously? That idiot.
Please. Piccolo?
It would really help!
Fine. I'll go.
[VIDEL] Thank you so much.
you're a lifesaver!
Get there at one. okay?
I'll be sure to grab you
something tasty.
I don't eat food!
I told you I live off water!
Oh yeah. you did!
I'll buy you one of those
plushies you like instead. okay?
But one was too many.
Oh. hey. Piccolo's here!
Thanks for your help.
Sorry we keep having to
ask you to pick up Pan.
[PICCOLO]
Don't give me that.
What's up with you
lately. anyway?
Well. I'm doing
a research report.
They found these ants
on a southern island.
Not your ordinary bugs
by any means.
As you can see.
when the nest is in danger.
they transform and give
off a golden glow.
Like they're going
Super Saiy-ant!
I don't care what you're
working on. Gohan!
Do your "Saiy-ants"
matter more to you
than your own daughter. huh?
Is that why you can't
pick her up yourself?!
Of course not!
But you can still go grab her
for me today. right?
[PICCOLO]
While I've got your attention.
when was the last time you did
any kind of training?
What if some new world-ending
evil shows up?
Eh? Do you really expect
that to happen again?
Why worry?
No one's gonna
threaten Earth now.
Dad and Vegeta are here. Plus--
You weren't thinkin'
I'd gone soft. were you?
[GOHAN groaning]
Really?
That's heavy.
Didn't have too much trouble
with it as a kid.
This is gonna make it hard
to focus on my research.
[PICCOLO]
Quit complaining.
I can go get Pan.
your daughter. again.
I appreciate it!
Want me to ask Videl
to pick you up
another one of those
plushies you like?
No! I never liked those things
and I never will!
Yeesh. Wonder what's got him
in such a bad mood.
Could this wait till I'm done
with my training?
Well. King Piccolo.
at last we meet.
Just "Piccolo." You're thinking
of the guy I was before.
What's that supposed to mean?
[PICCOLO]
We don't need to get into it.
Point is. when I
was King Piccolo.
your costume was
barely out of style.
Some looks don't have
an expiration date.
And before you bother
asking me who I am--
That's still classified.
That logo.
I saw it back when I was Kami.
The Red Ribbon Army
insignia. wasn't it?
Huh? Aw... I forgot the patch
was even there!
Wait a sec. "Back when
I was Kami"? Do tell!
[PICCOLO]
Hmph.
I said I'm not gettin' into it.
Do your own research.
[GAMMA 2]
Wow. Rude.
The Red Ribbon Army
was destroyed along with its HQ.
Dr. Gero tried to bring it back.
but he got killed off before
he could see it through.
His aspirations died
the moment Cell did.
Well. today's mission was
supposed to be a simple test
of my strength. but sad to
say. the game's changed.
[PICCOLO]
I can't sense your energy.
meaning you're either
a robot or an Android.
So who put you together?
Seems you're the one
putting things together.
As I said. though.
that intel's classified.
[PICCOLO]
Why are you here?!
Was fighting me what you meant
by "test of strength"?
Exactly!
Unfortunately. I had to update
the mission objectives
to include your death.
Though it's nothing
personal. of course.
I'm just following my orders.
Then quit talking
and come at me!
What?
[PICCOLO groaning]
[PICCOLO]
Why can I see his sound effects?
That was a seriously
underwhelming performance.
I was expecting a lot
more out of you.
[yelling]
[gasps]
It's over.
[GAMMA 2]
Oh. man.
Did I straight up vaporize him?
I was hoping to see
the look on his face.
Can't leave this guy
running around.
[PICCOLO]
Whoa. What the heck is this?
[SOLDIER A]
Welcome back. Gamma!
[GAMMA 2]
Yo!
[horn blaring]
[SOLDIER 94]
Keep it up out there!
--'Sup?
--Welcome back.
Howdy!
[gasps]
[thuds]
[PICCOLO]
He's gone.
Whoa...
[PICCOLO]
There you are.
[SOLDIER 28] Oh. hey.
Welcome back. Gamma.
[GAMMA 2]
Good to be home. bro!
[SOLDIER 28]
You're the best!
[PICCOLO]
Gamma?
Excellent work today. Gamma 2.
I was watching the whole thing
through your eyes.
You're far too kind. Dr. Hedo.
though for a test of strength.
I may have overdone it a bit.
[PICCOLO]
What? There are two of them?
Uh... Crazy. huh?
[HEDO]
No. you made the right call.
But there's still
room to improve.
Like when you enter or
hit 'em with the finisher.
try striking a pose.
Didn't think he would figure out
who we were that quickly.
May I remind you that
putting the insignia
on the uniform was your idea.
[GAMMA 1]
Did you check for the body?
Body?
The only thing left of him when
I was done was a dust cloud!
You didn't think to confirm it?
No way he could have survived.
You saw that explosion!
It was epic!
I blew him up into
a million tiny lit--
[GAMMA 1]
Found him.
Oh. man. that's subtle.
If Piccolo's onto us.
Bulma's organization is
gonna be onto us. too.
Chill out. 1!
Even if Piccolo's still alive.
there's no way they'll
find our secret base!
And if by some miracle they do.
we just gotta win
a climactic battle
against the whole organization!
Now quit being so uptight.
[PICCOLO]
What organization?
You're taking this
way too lightly.
♪
[CARMINE]
Carmine presents...
According to our assessment.
the men named Goku and Vegeta
are the enemy's deadliest
assets. "Bosses." if you will.
The terrible Majin Buu. as well.
And furthermore. we can only
guess as to the true power
of Hercule Satan.
[HEDO]
It's fine.
We've got my two greatest
creations on our side.
And the Gammas'
abilities in battle
have already been fully proven.
Not landing.
You beat up King Piccolo like it
was nothing. right. Gamma?
Yeah! It was so disappointing.
From the grandson of
the genius Dr. Gero.
I would expect nothing less.
You should expect more
from a super genius.
Well. your "super genius"
might have offered Piccolo
a chance to get away.
If he's still alive. we'll have
to speed up the plan.
Nothing to worry about.
We've proven that the Gammas
can defeat him.
And once I've compiled the data
we've got from
Number 2' s battle.
I'll be able to pump out
more copies in no time.
All we have to do is eliminate
Bulma and the other core figures
in her cabal of
alien collaborators.
Their pawns within
the world's police
and military forces
can't stop us.
They'll be too scared
to even try!
And then we can take control
and bring love and peace
back to the world!
[MAGENTA]
Yeah. sure. Dr. Hedo.
Putting that aside. when can
we expect Cell Max to be ready?
[PICCOLO]
"Cell Max"?
Who needs Cell Max when we've
got the two greatest Androids
in all of engineering history?
[MAGENTA]
I asked you when he'll be done.
Let me think...
Realistically. he won't be fully
complete for quite some time.
I thought you told me he
was nearly ready to go.
Sure. his body is.
but that was the easy part.
The real issue is coming up
with a control program
to make his power useable.
[PICCOLO gasps]
Do you know how long
I've been waiting already?
With all due respect.
Commander Magenta.
You wanted a superweapon
and you told me you were
willing to wait for quality.
did you not? I'm doing what
you're paying me to do.
[MAGENTA] I think I'm
detecting a bit of resentment
toward Cell Max here.
I don't like this un-super hero
aesthetic. Furthermore...
I don't like that we used
Dr. Gero's research data
to build his body.
We've witnessed Cell's power.
live on TV.
You're old enough to
remember that. aren't you?
Unfortunately. the data we had
was so complicated
that we weren't able
to reproduce those results.
But with you on board.
I knew we could make him
even stronger than before.
And so I did.
with minimal effort.
which would've been
better spent elsewhere.
Clearly you'd rather be
working on the Gammas
than getting Cell Max
up and running.
Why are you
sandbagging me on this?
Cell is a specially
engineered organism
constructed gradually
from the cellular level.
This long wait is an
unavoidable consequence.
Indeed. you should be thanking
me for developing the Gammas
and making productive use
of your misallocated time.
Enough! I'm sick
of your excuses!
Cell Max... Activate!
Let's not get ahead of
ourselves. Commander.
The Cell you remember
doesn't begin to compare
to the power of
this monstrosity.
[MAGENTA]
Exactly!
He's the perfect thing
to show off
the Red Ribbon Army's might!
Maybe. but if you activate
him and send him out
into the world right now. it's
not likely to end well for you.
[MAGENTA]
Why's that?
[HEDO] Of course you understand
that if you lost control.
Cell Max could easily destroy
the world you wish to take over.
Fortunately. the Gammas
are more than capable
of dealing with the aliens
and their collaborators
all on their own.
And once that's done.
you're free to activate Cell Max
for your big shock
and awe campaign.
So you tell me.
Sure I can trust you on that?
You certainly can.
[PICCOLO]
This is gonna be a problem.
[phone ringing]
Piccolo?
If you're calling me.
then there's gotta be
somethin' weird going on.
[PICCOLO]
Bulma. is Vegeta there?
Of course not.
He's been off training
with Beerus for.
--Hey there!
--let's see. about three weeks.
--Oh. hey.
Goku. too?
[BULMA]
You have to ask?
[PICCOLO] Whis gave you
a device that lets you
contact him directly. didn't he?
Call him up and tell him
to send them home.
Don't tell me.
Is this gonna be a thing?
Oh. yeah.
I don't have time to explain.
but the situation
could get real ugly.
[BULMA] All right then.
I'll reach out to Whis.
In the meantime. I gotta do
whatever I can on my own.
But first...
Some senzu beans
will come in handy.
[BROLY yelling]
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa--
time out. Broly!
[GOKU] You were totally getting
ready to snap on me again.
weren't you?
We keep telling you. you gotta
get that temper under control!
Accident. Sorry.
[GOKU]
Huh?
[GOKU groans]
How long do you plan to keep
sitting there on your rock?
Your body's gonna go soft on you
if you don't at least
move around a little!
You know what's out there!
Guys like Jiren. and Broly here.
Huh?
[GOKU] Not to mention the actual
Gods of Destruction.
just for starters!
[VEGETA] Leave me alone.
I'm concentrating.
It's part of my training.
Like I'm dumb enough
to buy that!
How's sittin' on a rock
gonna help you win a fight?
You're an idiot.
so I'll try to keep this simple.
Okay?
No doubt you remember
Jiren's fearsome power.
But in terms of raw strength.
he wasn't far removed
from you or me.
The difference lies
in how efficiently
he used that strength.
Did you notice?
Even when he was in
the heat of battle.
he was free of tension
in both body and mind.
and remained totally relaxed
till the moment he attacked.
Wow. really?
An attack that starts from
nothing is impossible
for an opponent to predict.
and immensely powerful.
It allows you to conserve
energy. as well. right?
[GOKU]
Yeah. that's true.
My guess is Jiren could
do it instinctively.
but if I want to
learn this skill.
I have to train my own mind out
of its current habits first.
[WHIS]
Yes. excellent!
Big round of applause
for Vegeta. everybody!
It's impressive that you
were able to pick up on that.
So very observant.
You've got the gist of it.
There's more to training
than working your muscles
to the point of exhaustion.
You're warriors.
not bodybuilders. after all.
Took you long enough
to get there. though.
At least you figured it
out quicker than Goku.
for whatever that's wor--
Great idea!
The three of you should
have a triple-threat
Super Saiyan sparring match!
A three-way battle with Broly?
You've got to be kidding!
[GOKU] He's not as bad
as he used to be.
but he still flips out
on us every once
in a while. and if it happens
during a three-man free-for-all.
we might not have
a planet left to train on.
Valid point.
Okay!
Goku... versus Vegeta.
Broly. sit quietly and observe
how two powerhouses
can have a sparring match
without obliterating the ground
beneath their own feet.
[BROLY]
Okay.
[BEERUS yawns]
Whis!
Think you could tell me
how long I've been napping?
Ah. good morning. Lord Beerus.
Let's see here...
Calculated in Earth time.
you've been asleep for
approximately four months.
[BEERUS]
Unbelievable.
Can't I take a proper nap
in my own home?
The noise woke me up.
and the smell is
keeping me awake.
And who's the new guy?
Why. that would be Broly.
Broly? What is that maniac
doing on my planet?
What's the big deal? There's no
way Frieza can find him here.
I figured it's the safest
place for him.
Don't just invite people
to live here!
It's a private residence.
not a hotel--
Perfect timing.
Care to introduce yourself?
Uh. Lord Beerus.
Thank you for putting us up.
Another one. huh?
Well. who are you?
My name's Lemo. sir.
Formerly of the Frieza force.
So that's the smell that's
been taunting me. eh?
Approach.
Sir.
Ah! That's excellent!
What exactly did you do
in the Frieza force?
[LEMO]
I was a general-purpose gofer.
but I did a few shifts
in the cafeteria.
[BEERUS]
Whis. he can stay.
[CHEELAI] Stupid overstuffed
sack... Lookin' good. Broly!
[BROLY]
Thanks!
--Yo!
--Oh. you're here. too?
Yeah. they had too many
valuables to fit in one bag.
but not enough
to bother with two.
Shh! Cheelai! Not now!
[yelps]
I'm. uh. doing some cleaning!
Tell me your name.
cleaning lady.
It's Cheelai. sir!
And I'm guessing you must be
Lord Beerus. the Destroyer.
That's correct.
[CHEELAI] I hear you're the most
fearsome being in the universe.
[gasps]
I like this one.
You're more than
welcome to stay!
Wait. What just happened?
Lord Beerus does
have a type. you see.
Surprised no one
has ever noticed.
Now!
Rather than dwelling on that.
I propose we move on
to our main event!
No transformations of any kind.
no Kamehame-Has.
and no other planet-shattering
projectile moves.
Last one standing wins.
Are you ready?
[stomach growling]
I'd feel better about it if
we could have lunch first.
My tummy's rumblin' pretty hard.
Saiyans. am I right?
Gotta love 'em!
Let's eat.
[BULMA] Oh. come on!
How far could it have gone?
Where is that communicator?
[WHIS] We've already managed
to nearly exhaust the supply
of delicious food that Vegeta
brought with him from Earth.
and I can't speak with any
certainty to the quality of
what we're having instead.
but we're having it. so let's
all hope for the best. shall we?
That's marvelous!
What kind of culinary wizardry
is Frieza teaching
his gofers. Lemo?
I may have put in a few spices
here and there. you know.
[GOKU]
Hey. This isn't much different
than Earth food. is it?
[VEGETA]
If it is. I can't taste it.
It's decided! I hereby appoint
Lemo as my new chef!
You're fired. Whis!
But I can't live on the streets!
[GOKU sputtering]
Now. let the fight begin!
[yelling]
[gasping]
[chuckles]
[yelling]
It's not over!
[gasps]
[yelling]
Don't let it go to your head...
Kakarot!
[yells]
[grunts. chuckles]
Don't screw with me!
[BEERUS]
It's a subtle change.
but Vegeta's movement is
different from before.
[BROLY gulps]
Yeah.
It appears his mental training
is having some effect.
I'm guessing this is going
to go on for a while.
A perfect opportunity
to squeeze in dessert.
Specifically?
We've eaten most
of what Vegeta brought.
but there's still an ample
stockpile of ice cream.
[CHEELAI]
Oh! I'd be down to go grab the--
I mean. I'll retrieve it.
[BEERUS]
Hey. I can help with that.
[WHIS]
Mmm-hmm?
[BEERUS] Ice cream. ice cream.
Who's got the ice cream.
Where. oh where is-- Here we go!
Hey. Lemo.
Uh. Yes?
Take care of the dishes later.
Come have some ice cream
and enjoy the show.
Much obliged.
[BULMA]
Ooh! There you are!
Found it!
Come. Broly.
You have some. too!
[GOKU yells]
[WHIS]
My goodness.
[laughing]
That was uncharacteristically
considerate of you.
Is there somebody in particular
you don't want getting wet?
Shut up and eat your ice cream!
Ugh. Whis! What the heck?
Come on!
You took my husband.
now take my call!
[KORIN] You don't say. Ugh.
that's certainly an issue.
Let's see...
Hate to tell you this.
but these two are all I got.
Running low. huh?
Oh. well. Thanks.
Here you go. Kami. Be careful.
I'm not Kami.
[KORIN]
Oh. right. I guess not.
[phone chiming]
[PICCOLO]
Bulma? What's up?
Have you gotten in touch
with Whis yet?
[BULMA]
That's why I'm calling.
I finally found
the communicator.
but no one's picking up.
No idea what the deal is.
but I'll keep trying.
Understood. thanks.
Good luck with that.
Having trouble getting
through to 'em. huh?
Yeah.
And it's gonna be
really hard without them.
Even if those two were here.
these Gamma Androids
are as much of a threat
as anyone we've faced. This is
not going to be an easy fight.
Wow. seems like a
pretty rough scene.
Hey. what about Gohan?
Couldn't he do it?
You told me about his potential.
The way I remember it.
you said he could become
the mightiest warrior
on Earth if he wanted to.
We can't count on him
to rise to the occasion.
Well that's unfortunate.
And since they've got
Dr. Hedo's data.
they might have information
on 17 and 18's
vulnerabilities. too.
Safe to say Buu isn't gonna
wake up anytime soon. either.
Boy. none of this sounds good.
Why'd it have to happen now?
I've gotta do something!
Hey. wait!
[DENDE]
Piccolo!
[PICCOLO]
Dende!
You've seen what's
going on. right?
[DENDE] Yeah. I've been
keeping an eye on things.
We're in a tight spot.
but I'm not sure there's
anything I can do.
When we were on Planet Namek.
didn't the Grand Elder
use some kind of ability
to draw out the dormant powers
lying within Krillin and Gohan?
[DENDE] He did.
I was in the room myself.
[PICCOLO]
Do that for me.
Draw out your power?
Yeah. exactly.
You're the same type
of Namekian as he was.
so you should be able to do it
as well. That's our only hope.
[DENDE]
I'm sorry. but unfortunately.
that ability doesn't manifest
until we've reached
a certain age.
What? Seriously?
[DENDE]
I've got it!
What if we get some help
from the Dragon Balls?
How would that work?
We could just ask Shenron to get
rid of the Red Ribbon Army!
But I guess your pride won't
let you take that shortcut.
Let's see. What if we ask
Shenron to activate
your dormant power the same way
Grand Elder did for
Gohan and Krillin?
He can do that?
I had no idea!
[DENDE]
Probably so. if I upgrade him.
Upgrade?
[DENDE]
Yes. I've done it once before.
Instead of one wish.
he grants three now.
No reason I can't do it again.
I'll be right back. okay?
[DENDE laughs]
That's it.
I'm all done now. and Shenron's
upgrade should be complete.
[PICCOLO] No one told me about
any of this when I was Kami.
[DENDE] Well. you did come to
Earth a pretty long time ago.
So now. the question is
if we've got enough time
to gather all the Balls.
We shouldn't need to.
I believe Bulma's got
the full set in storage.
She's had a team of
workers on full-time
Dragon Ball retrieval
for a while now.
It's a good way to keep
people from using them
to make evil wishes.
Though honestly. Bulma's wishes
haven't exactly been noble.
What does she even want
that she can't buy for herself?
[DENDE]
After the Frieza incident.
looking after the Dragon Balls
became official
Capsule Corp business.
If Bulma keeps them handy.
I guess wishing is
easier than shopping.
Sounds like her. Better than
the alternative. right?
Bulma!
Hey. Piccolo. Everything good?
[PICCOLO]
Any luck yet?
I keep trying.
but they won't answer my call.
It's fine.
How many Dragon Balls
do you have on hand right now?
[BULMA]
Oh. uh...
Well. I've got all of them...
Perfect.
I'm sorry to do this to you.
but it would really help if
I could talk to the Dragon.
[BULMA]
Ugh. Seriously?!
Good luck!
[PICCOLO] Come on. Whatever it
is you've been wishing for.
I know it's not that important.
[BULMA] You don't get to decide
what's important to me!
But it's probably serious
if you're the one asking.
Fine. whatever.
[PICCOLO]
Thanks.
On my way.
Wait for me out front.
Eternal Shenron!
By your name.
I now summon you forth!
You. who have summoned me.
Speak your wish and--
Oh. it's you. Piccolo.
[PICCOLO]
Shenron!
I have a question.
The Grand Elder on Namek
had a certain ability.
Would you be able to
draw out my latent power.
the way he did for others?
Of course. I presume that
will be your first wish?
You got it. Let's go.
Whoa. Unreal.
This power feels incredible!
All you had. plus a bit extra.
Now then. speak
your second wish.
I just need one.
Wait... You're done?
That was it?
Okay. That means I can have
the other two. right?
Yeah. knock yourself out.
All you!
Perfect. I was thinking
maybe we could
perk up my buns to around a
"college age" level of firmness.
A trivial matter. indeed.
Your buns are perked.
Ooh. they certainly are.
Now. how 'bout we
smooth out these wrinkles a bit.
but don't make it look like
I've had any work done?
Are you for real?
Yeah. what's it to ya?
That's so petty.
He's the Eternal Dragon!
Well. excuse me for being petty!
Though... I think I'd rather add
two more millimeters
to my eyelashes.
[SHENRON]
It is done.
I shall take my leave.
Farewell!
[PICCOLO]
You wished for cosmetic surgery.
You do that every time?
What about it?!
Fine. I get it.
it's not my business!
[gasps] Oh. no!
[PICCOLO]
What? What's wrong?
I didn't even think
about Goku and Vegeta.
We could have
teleported them here!
Uh! You blew our chance!
You coulda done squats
for a few months!
Oh. come off it!
'Cause I don't remember you
thinking of it either!
Guess I'll go sneak back into
the Red Ribbon Army base.
[MAGENTA]
So who's next?
Seems like Goku and Vegeta
should be top priority.
That'd be the main
bosses dealt with.
They'd have an even harder time
coming up with countermeasures.
[CARMINE] Unfortunately.
our surveillance network...
[SOLDIER 79]
Hey. where you been?
[PICCOLO] Sorry. Stomach issues.
I've been in the can.
[SOLDIER 79] You better now?
Lookin' a bit green.
[PICCOLO]
Oh! Yeah. I'm all right.
[SOLDIER 79] Eh. call of nature.
Don't be a hero.
[PICCOLO]
For sure. For sure.
[CARMINE] I would suggest
we make Goku's son Gohan
our next target.
His cover identity
is a humble biologist.
but our spy cameras
tell a different story.
He's the one who landed
the killing blow against Cell.
and he was a child at the time.
Considering how frequently
Piccolo has been seen
coming and going
at his hideout.
Gohan may be a shadow boss
in the organization.
If we don't eliminate
him quickly.
he could make a nuisance
of himself in the future.
[MAGENTA]
Sounds reasonable.
Thing is... Cell Max
is still in the oven
and he's not ready to come out.
For now we gotta keep
the Army under wraps.
We can't risk operating
in the city yet.
[CARMINE]
That will be hard to avoid.
Intel shows that he rarely
leaves his hideout.
Okay. So what if we
lure him into a fight here?
How's that?
If I'm not mistaken.
he's got a little girl
who's off at preschool
even as we speak.
If we take her hostage.
we can lure Gohan to us
and force him to fight alone.
I look forward to witnessing
the Gammas in combat.
up close and personal.
[CARMINE]
Brilliant plan. Commander.
Not to mention. it would be a
morale booster for the soldiers.
Her father's one thing.
but there's simply
no justification
for kidnapping a little girl.
[SOLDIERS gasp]
Quit your whining and do
the job we're paying you to do.
Hey!
[SOLDIER 3]
Sir!
Send a team of two
to grab Gohan's daughter
and bring her back
here immediately.
[SOLDIER 3] Roger that. sir!
You up for it. 15?
Ready. willing. and able.
Commander.
I would like to go as well!
[SOLDIER 3]
Pipe down. 94!
Nobody gave you
permission to talk!
Sorry about that. sir.
But I happen to live
very close to Gohan's house
and I know what his
daughter looks like!
Do you really?
That's pretty odd.
How would you know who
she was just by seein' her?
Hm?! Oh. uh...
I recognized Mr. Satan's
granddaughter
'cause I'd seen. uh.
pictures of her before. sir!
[SOLDIER 3]
Hmm. Makes sense.
But I'm picking
the personnel here
and you're still too green
for this operation.
Keep your mouth shut.
you ain't going nowhere.
Nah. if he knows her face. that
could save us a lot of time.
Have him go. too.
[SOLDIER 3]
Right. will do. sir.
[PICCOLO] When I think about it.
an enemy coming after Pan
might be exactly what it takes
to scare Gohan straight.
Say. you're kinda quiet.
Nerves gettin' to ya?
A little bit. sir! But how
does this kidnapping work?
[SOLDIER 15] The girl's
preschool's about to let out.
So. we wait for her Mom
or whatever else to show up.
Then. once they're
on the way home.
we follow 'em till
we get a good chance
to swoop in and snatch 'em.
[SOLDIER 15]
I talked to 79 before we left.
We're almost there.
Hold it in a little longer.
[PICCOLO]
Hold what-- Oh. yeah.
[GIRL A]
Bye-bye!
[PAN]
Bye-bye.
Sorry I'm so late. sweetie.
[GIRL A]
It's fine!
[SOLDIER 15]
Is that the girl?
[PICCOLO]
Yes. sir.
And the other kids
are gone already. huh?
All right. Primary target's wide
open. so let's just go get her!
Makes our job easier. y'know?
[PICCOLO]
H-Hold o--
Cheer up! I'm sure your
mom will be here soon!
[SOLDIER 15]
Hey there. Pan!
Sorry to keep you
waiting so long!
Don't worry. Mama was busy.
so she sent me to pick you up!
Now. say bye-bye to teacher.
Take my hand.
We gotta get you--
[PICCOLO]
Crap!
Oh. Pan.
What have you done?
I've never met that man!
Oh. Hi. Piccolo!
Hey. You recognized me?
Yeah. of course. I could sense
that it was your energy.
It was easy!
Not bad. kid.
Ah! Does that mean
this large man
came here with you. Mr. Piccolo?
[PICCOLO] Sorry you had
to see that. Janet.
Random security exercise.
Oh?
[PICCOLO]
Yeah. Mr. Satan is serious
about his family's safety.
Ah. so that's what it was!
How nice to hear.
[PAN] That's not a legal
parking spot. Piccolo.
[PICCOLO] Yeah. we should
get outta here quick.
But where did you
get this spaceship?
[PICCOLO] From some bad guys
called the Red Ribbon Army.
Go ahead and get
in the back. Pan.
[PAN]
What's going on?
[PICCOLO]
I'll tell you in a second.
Now. I'm gonna put
these cuffs on you.
but you can snap out of them
at any time. okay?
This sounds like fun!
Bye. ma'am! Thank you! Uh!
[JANET]
Oh dear.
Piccolo. you kinda
stink at driving.
Sorry. never got my license.
[PAN]
Okay. so...?
Right.
I was tailing this
powerful Android
who attacked me
while I was training.
and he led me straight back
to the Red Ribbon
Army's secret base.
I was able to infiltrate them.
and I overheard them plotting
to get us out of the way.
"Infiltrate"?
It means I got inside
without them noticing
and took a look around.
Oh! So that's why you're wearing
those weird clothes!
[PICCOLO]
Yep.
Anyway. they wanted you as bait.
They're trying to
lure your dad out
so they can get rid of him.
and we're playing along for now.
[PAN]
Wow. this really sounds fun!
[PICCOLO]
Don't underestimate them.
These people are dangerous.
You're safe with me. but you've
gotta pretend like you're not.
Just act scared and
everything will be okay.
[BOTH laughing]
[PAN]
But Papa always seems so busy.
Do you think he'll really come?
[PICCOLO]
He better. 'Cause if he doesn't.
I'm gonna beat that brat
within an inch of his life.
Ah... Jeez. my head.
[PAN]
Help me! I'm so scared!
Are you finally awake. sir?
Are... Are you the one
who cuffed her?
Yes. sir.
Not a word about
how this went down.
Huh?
I said. not a single word!
[PICCOLO]
U-Understood.
[PAN]
No! Let me go!
Please don't hurt me!
Papa. come save me
from these scary men!
[SOLDIER 15]
We got it. sir.
--Good...
--Great job.
Now. deliver the
message to Gohan
and he'll have no
choice but to come.
--Roger that. sir.
--Hey. hey. hey. hey...
These cookies aren't for
hostages. We're not a daycare.
Hey. Number 94.
Seems like you
know the area well.
Head out there and get our man.
[PICCOLO]
Right. Understood.
[SOLDIER 15]
Is this it? Spacious...
He won't answer. Over here.
How do you know so much
about this place?
You guys lost or somethin'?
You're Gohan. aren't ya?
[GOHAN]
Yes. I am.
What's with the giant
shoulder pads and the cape?
Huh? Oh. that's right...
[PICCOLO] He doesn't recognize
me? That's ridiculous.
Pan knew who I was right away!
Unless you wanna get shot.
we'll need you to come with us.
[GOHAN]
Sorry. I'm very busy.
You think I won't use this. pal?
Can you please leave?
I'd rather not call the police.
Oh. you sure about that?
Papa. come save me
from these scary men!
Pan!
[SOLDIER 15]
Now it's startin' to sink in.
We've got your daughter.
and if you don't want
anything happening to her.
I suggest you
come along quietly.
Bring your pretty cape
if you want.
Guy's a one-man circus.
[yelling]
What did you do to Pan?
We haven't done anything!
She's totally fine. I promise!
So. would you please
come with us. sir?
[GOHAN]
Let's go!
And if there's even a scratch
on her. you'll pay for it!
[SOLDIER 15]
Right!
[PICCOLO]
Nice. Gohan's back!
[SOLDIER D]
Capture team inbound!
She's over there?
Huh?! Wait!
[laughs]
He came! Papa's here!
Pan!
He's fast.
Number 2!
[PAN]
Papa!
[MAGENTA]
Got him!
[GOHAN]
You jerk!
Go. 1!
You're going to have to
contend with me. invader.
If you want your daughter back.
you gotta fight through
my buddy here.
Who are you?
And what do you want?
[SOLDIER E]
Are you kidding?
[PICCOLO]
I'm actually glad he showed up.
But that guy seems
really strong.
Do you think Papa can beat him?
[PICCOLO]
No.
Not unless his instincts come
back. And this might just do it.
I only hope he can
hold out that long.
[GOHAN]
Answer me. Who are you?
An old-fashioned super hero.
Huh?
[groaning]
[GAMMA 1 yelling]
[ALL gasping]
You can't be a robot.
so you must be an Android!
You figured me out
pretty quickly.
Then it's true.
But what kind of coward
kidnaps an innocent child?
It wasn't my idea to resort
to that. but I have orders.
And I'll fulfill them without
question in the name of justice!
Hold on. Justice?
[GAMMA 1]
Your evil. secret organization
will be dragged
out into the light!
What?
Whoa. What'd he just do?
That wasn't a trick.
He's actually an alien!
Transformation is
within parameters.
[GOHAN yells]
Ah. crap!
All right! You can do it. Papa!
[PICCOLO]
Damn. this is bad.
Huh?
[PICCOLO]
This guy seems to learn
his opponents' techniques
as he fights.
[GAMMA 1] So was that all
the power you've got?
Huh?
It won't be enough
to win you this fight.
Is that what you think?
--Excellent!
--Nice!
Go. Gamma!
Show 'em what it means
to be the ultimate lifeform!
Cry out like you're hurt. okay?
[PAN]
Oww! Let go!
Pan!
Stop it!
What do you think you're doing?
Good guys don't hurt kids!
[BOTH]
Huh?
[GOHAN yelling]
What is this?
[PICCOLO]
All right!
--Gohan finally came around!
--Yay. Papa!
[HEDO]
This isn't possible!
How?
What evil secret organization
are you talkin' about?
I'm talking about you guys!
Are you insane?
[GOHAN]
You're the one who's workin'
for an evil organization!
That's why they had you
kidnap a little girl!
You're wrong!
[HEDO]
Try and calm down. Gamma!
2! Get in there
and help him out now!
Right!
[PICCOLO]
Heads up!
We need to have a talk.
Whoa...
I had no idea it was you
in there. King Piccolo.
Like I told you--
King Piccolo was the old me!
Piccolo?!
So I didn't
vaporize you after all.
Don't tell me you
think you can win
just 'cause you
made it out alive!
This is not gonna end
the way it did before.
You mean you're not gonna run?
What are you
doin' here. Piccolo?
[PICCOLO]
You're asking me that now?
Focus on the fight!
[GOHAN]
Oh. Right!
What'd you do?
It's only been a few hours.
Don't you dare tell me
you were holding out on me!
[PICCOLO] Heh. I'm not
telling you anything.
That's boring. Sorry. bud.
Your little upgrade is cute.
but it won't be nearly enough
to keep up with me.
What?
Seems like you don't
get tired at all.
One perk of being an Android.
we can operate at full power
until all of our
energy's used up!
How much do you have now?
[GAMMA 1] I've still got
a healthy 82% left.
Man. for real?
[PICCOLO]
Damn. this guy's good.
Even my power-up
still wasn't enough!
'Cause I'm Dr. Hedo's
greatest work!
How unfortunate.
Catch!
Wait. Who's unfortunate?
Seems like there's
a decent guy in there.
but somebody's been
giving him lousy orders!
[GAMMA 2]
So what if they have?
That's why we exist.
We were made to take orders!
What if Dr. Hedo's been
giving you messed-up orders
based on false information
he received from
Commander Magenta?
There's no way that's true!
I know you can feel something
isn't right about all this.
Stop lying.
--[PICCOLO groaning]
--[GAMMA 2 yelling]
[SHENRON]
All you had. plus a bit extra.
Whoa!
[GAMMA 2]
Oh. come on.
What now?!
[GAMMA 2 grunting]
[yelling]
Well now.
Thank you Shenron. That little
extra went a long way.
It can't be...
Huh? What are you waiting for?
Fire! Kill the alien!
You wretch!
Commander.
Yeah.
We have no choice.
[HEDO]
Oohh. those little...
[PAN]
Hey! Don't you dare run!
Go ahead. Commander.
Here. brat!
[CARMINE]
What do you think you're doing?
I just picked up
some new intel...
...on who the villains are!
[groaning]
Hmph.
Gohan! Easy.
Fight's over!
Huh? How?
And did we win?
So that's it.
Seems we've misunderstood
each other.
What are you doing. Commander?
Hey. wait a sec.
Are you gonna...?
You got it.
I'm about to activate Cell Max!
You'll doom us all. fool!
You ran. but the Gammas
are still fighting!
You're the only fool here!
They were supposed
to win easily!
I trusted you. and now this
whole thing is falling apart!
The Gammas are adjusting
to new information.
They can't sense any evil intent
in the people they've
been fighting!
That's your fault. too.
You're the one who
built hero components
into the stupid things!
But thanks for the excuse
to do what I've wanted
to do since I met you.
[MAGENTA]
Good.
Wait. You're alive?
[HEDO] If you forgot. my skin
was injected with a special drug
that allows for considerable
impact without injury.
You know what?
You did tell me that.
so I guess this is on me.
But. see...
I've made a few
minor modifications
to my body as well.
[clothes rustling]
It's basic stuff next
to the kind of thing
you've done to
yourself. I'm sure.
but it's more than strong
enough to take you down.
[laughing]
Get ready. Doc.
'cause your life ends here!
Hachimaru!
[gasping]
I told you. even if you
have a modded body
that could bench
press a bulldozer.
there's nothing it can do
against Hachimaru's poison.
As a researcher.
I'll at least say you've been
as good of a piggy bank
as I could have asked for.
I should grab some of your cash
before I regroup with the Gammas
and get out of here for good.
Huh... Huh?!
[yells]
[HEDO]
Oh. holy crap!
So. what do you
make of all this?
Don't know. but the situation
is not what we thought it was.
Okay!
[BULMA] I gathered all the
mightiest warriors on Earth.
and Krillin's here. too!
Jeez. that was brutal. I have
superhuman strength. y'know!
All the boys down at
the station think I'm tough.
Whoa. this must be
a pretty big deal.
Even Gohan is jumping
into the fight!
No way. Goten?
Hey. Trunks!
Ah. what a surprise! I didn't
think we'd see you here. Pan!
How old are you now?
[PAN]
Three and a half!
Those two over there.
Are they the new Androids?
[PICCOLO]
Yep.
Whoa. they're kinda cool.
They look familiar.
Wait. is that...
That one is Trunks.
and that one is Goten.
I know it's been a while
since I saw those two.
but it couldn't
have been that long.
Saiyans stay pretty small
for a long time. till one day.
we suddenly hit
a crazy growth spurt.
Whoa. Hang on a second.
Weren't you fighting
those guys like minutes ago?
Pretty much.
By the way. could everybody take
a quick look around
for my glasses?
I can't see too well.
Hang on. When you
go Super Saiyan.
does your eyesight fix itself?
[alarm blaring]
[GOHAN]
Hey. Piccolo.
What the heck happened
to you before?
'Cause it was awesome! You got
super buff and turned orange.
and your power level
started shooting up like crazy!
[PICCOLO]
I turned orange? Really?
I didn't even notice.
but it felt like some switch
inside me got flipped.
Maybe the same way
it does with you.
[PAN]
You looked super cool. Piccolo!
[GOHAN] You should come up
with a name for that.
A catchy one. like
"Super Saiyan."
[PICCOLO]
A name?
Doesn't matter to me.
If I have to call something.
I guess I'd go with
"Orange Piccolo."
[GOHAN]
Oh. Okay...
[roaring]
[HEDO coughing]
[growling]
[roars]
What's that?
It's Cell!
Cell Max has been activated!
Cell Max is awake?
[roars]
Doctor!
[yelling]
[KRILLIN]
Uh. What is that?
Someone made another Cell?
Dammit!
[GAMMA 1]
Number 2.
We can do this!
[BOTH yelling]
We're fighting. too. Come on.
I dunno if I need to be
a part of that "we."
--Gohan. senzu bean.
--Huh?
[sputtering]
Slow down. bean!
[PICCOLO]
How the hell did you drop it?!
My bad.
It's hard without my glasses.
Fine. No senzu bean
for you. then!
Eh. Fair.
Bulma! Look after Pan!
I'm all over it!
This looks like fun.
Let's do it!
Yes!
Wait! Huh?
Screw it. I'm in!
Great. Go for it!
I'll. uh. make sure
Bulma and Pan are safe!
Glad you found a way
to make yourself useful.
[roaring]
[GAMMA 2 yelling]
Leave a little for us!
Yeah!
[GOTEN]
Kamehame-Ha!
Damn!
Aim for the top of his head.
That's the only weak
point on his body!
[ALL]
The top of his head?
[GAMMA 1] Dr. Hedo
feared this would happen.
so he added a weak spot
to Cell Max as insurance.
Perfect!
You should know
it's not that simple.
As soon as you land
a killing blow to his head.
it'll set off a chain reaction
that will overload
his whole body.
You'll be caught
in the explosion.
[ALL gasp]
[yelling]
[gasps]
[GOHAN. PICCOLO]
What--?
Gohan!
[BOTH grunt]
Great! How hard can it be
to hit his damn head?
Come on!
He's quick.
[GAMMA 1]
Order up!
[GAMMA 2]
Eat this!
[roars]
[PICCOLO]
You're mine! Ha!
[grunting]
Gotcha!
[gasping]
No!
[yelling]
It just keeps getting worse!
[BULMA gasping]
Pan!
[KRILLIN]
You have to fly. Pan!
--Pan! You okay?
--Uh-huh!
Oh. thank goodness.
See there?
What would've happened
if I hadn't been here. huh?
Yeah. I guess.
Well. we're out of
harm's way for now.
I'll make sure we have
a ship standing by
so we can get out of here.
Hey. Goten!
Let's do Fusion!
Like. with the dance!
Good idea!
Wait. How did that work again?
Fusion...
Ha!
This isn't right. Oh well.
Gotta roll with it!
Super Saiyan!
Or not.
Fine. Then I'll charge in
and hope for the best!
[grunting]
Whoa. It worked!
[screaming]
[BOTH]
Ah...!
[PICCOLO]
Heh. That failed Fusion
isn't totally useless after all!
[GOTENKS]
Crap!
[panting]
We're gonna have to hit
him harder than that.
[GAMMA 2]
Hey! Listen. everyone.
Blast him with
everything you've got.
Don't worry about the killing
blow. just pin him down.
Stay back. no matter what.
Huh? Hold on. are you gonna...?
Number 2. You can't!
Don't do it!
There's no choice.
Then I'm going. too!
Wait. 1.
You need to go save Dr. Hedo.
What?
[GAMMA 2] Check your life sign
scope. He's not dead yet.
[GAMMA a]
But I thought he was...
Oh. you didn't think
to confirm it?
[yelling]
Now. attack!
And when you see me
go in for the last blow.
get away from here
as fast as you can!
Hold on.
What's his strategy here?
[GAMMA 1]
A full-force charge!
What the heck's
happening over there?
It looks like everyone's
blasting him at the same time.
I gotta go help!
[BULMA]
Hey. wait!
Be careful. all right?
[KRILLIN laughing]
[yelling]
[BOTH grunting]
Ah!
Oh. no.
[KRILLIN]
Destructo Disc!
Krillin's here!
You okay. 18?
Yeah. thanks to you.
Huh? Here it comes. Get back!
Let's do it.
Eyes shut. guys!
Solar Flare!
Ha. ha!
Hey. Get spanked!
[yelling]
Go!
[GAMMA 2 yelling]
[roaring]
[yells]
[KRILLIN]
It... It's over!
No. it's not!
[CELL MAX panting]
[roars]
Don't you dare!
[GOTENKS]
Like that?
Piccolo!
Get big!
[PICCOLO]
What?
Big. Like you did
when you fought Goku!
At the World Martial
Arts Tournament!
Oh. right.
I forgot I did that.
[grunting]
[roars]
Nice!
[yells]
[GOHAN] Hey. Piccolo.
You're pretty much his size now.
Do you think you're strong
enough to beat him like this?
[PICCOLO]
Wishful thinking.
Huh?
Making my body bigger
didn't make me any stronger.
It's basically a bluff.
Oh. yeah!
Uh. it's hard to find
when I'm this size.
Got it!
This is the senzu bean
I was keeping for myself.
You take it.
What?
I figured you would've
eaten it earlier.
but why are you giving it to me?
What if you need it later?
Just eat it already.
Piccolo. I...
Trust me. I have an idea.
[GOHAN]
But...
Okay.
Gohan. listen closely.
You have the potential to become
the most powerful
being on Earth.
You need to believe in yourself
and unleash that power!
It's do-or-die time.
so draw out all your strength
and use it to protect your world
and everyone in it!
Right!
[roars]
Ready?
[yells]
Huh? [groans]
[gasps]
[roars]
[PICCOLO panting]
Damn. Everyone get over here!
--Gohan!
--Yeah?
I'm gonna do whatever I can
to get that monster locked down.
You charge an attack. and the
second you see an opening.
hit him as hard as you can
with a Kamehame-Ha
or whatever.
straight in that
thick skull of his!
I understand.
Everything you've got.
No holding back.
The fate of the entire world
is riding on that one shot!
Got it.
Here he comes!
[roars]
Gohan!
On it!
Piccolo!
Stay away!
You can't lose focus now.
That was just the buildup.
I'm just getting started.
[yelling]
Gohan! What's the deal?
Piccolo's gonna be killed!
Almost there.
[groaning]
No. no. no!
[yelling]
[KRILLIN]
You idiot!
[yelling]
Oh. no.
I gotta... buy more time...
If this goes on.
he won't make it!
[PICCOLO]
Not yet!
Keep going.
I can still stop him!
[groans]
[PICCOLO groans. screams]
[gasping]
[roars]
[yells]
Is that all you've got?
Okay. then.
Guess it's my turn.
[yells]
[yelling]
[grunting]
[exhales]
Gohan!
[PICCOLO]
No you don't!
Gohan! Take the shot!
Special Beam Cannon!
[PICCOLO]
Heh.
They did it.
They won!
Cell's gonna blow!
Everyone. run!
[GOTENKS screaming]
[BULMA]
Whoa!
Glad we got away
from the area early.
[PAN]
Uh? The big monster is gone!
I hope everyone
made it out okay.
[KRILLIN gasps]
[BOTH laugh]
Looks like they all
pulled through.
Huh?
[laughs]
[GOHAN]
I'm likin' this Orange Piccolo.
You did all right yourself.
[gasping]
[laughs]
[BOTH laugh]
[GOHAN]
Up we go!
If those two hadn't helped us.
we would be dead right now.
Cell would've stomped
us like bugs.
Even if Dad and
Vegeta were here.
we still might not have won.
More to the point. Gohan.
this is why you need to
keep up with your training.
Jeez. you're right.
I messed up.
And what was that technique?
The one you used at the end.
Well. it was kind of a
Special Beam Cannon. I guess?
How did you learn it?
Y'know...
I practiced it in secret.
Hmph.
It looked pretty good.
He's gone. huh?
[GAMMA 1]
Yeah. He died to protect us all.
It's a shame.
Whatever he did at the end.
it was brave.
He put the last of his energy
into a single strike.
[PICCOLO]
Well it worked.
He weakened Cell enough
for us to beat him.
Gamma 2 was a real super hero.
As were all of you.
Thank you.
The world is safe
from peril because of you.
Your creation saved us all.
[HEDO]
But I caused this.
I'm the one responsible
for Cell Max.
and Number 2 paid the
price for my sins.
The Red Ribbon Army
tricked you into it. though.
[HEDO] No. I mostly knew
they were the bad guys.
but I wanted funding
for my research.
[KRILLIN]
Yeah. but--
Putting all that aside. I have
no idea how you're still alive.
My skin is able to withstand
a considerable amount of impact.
thanks to my modifications.
Wait. your skin? Ugh.
Not to be rude. but yuck.
Don't you modify your skin
with the Dragon Balls?
Trunks. was that
you talking just now?
Ugh. Goten. while I've got you.
how about we don't tell
your mom about today?
If she found out I
invited you to this fight.
she would kill me.
'Kay!
Hey. It was Dr. Hedo. right?
What are you planning to do now?
I'm going to take Gamma 1 and
turn myself in to the police.
Huh?! Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
You really don't
want to do that!
And I'm pretty sure the prison
isn't gonna want
you back either!
I think it's best if we all
pretend this never happened.
It's not right to say you
were the good guys here.
But you weren't
the real villains.
Then. um...
Is it possible that there's a
place for Gamma and me
with the Capsule Corporation?
Who the hell do you think you
are. you roly-poly little twerp?
[BULMA]
Hm... Let's see.
Tell me more about
that skin modification.
What about it?
--You gonna defend him?
--Just settle down!
[GAMMA 1]
Wait! Let him go.
What can it do for
wrinkles? Anything?
Uh... Well. I'm
an expert in biology
and a licensed
medical practitioner.
My skin modification
might be overkill.
but I've got some ideas.
Good to know.
I think your talents
could make you
a valuable addition
to the company.
And Gamma would be
an outstanding security agent.
Plus. I'd feel safer knowing
you're not out here
building superweapons for fun.
What are your thoughts. Piccolo?
I'm not opposed to it.
Better than summoning
the Eternal Dragon
for minor cosmetic
surgery. right?
Stop judging!
But anyway...
Glad to have you aboard.
Thank you so much
for the opportunity!
Come on. You. too.
[GAMMA 1]
Thank you.
[laughing]
Fusion... Ha!
Ah!
Yeah!
[PICCOLO]
Hmph.
[laughing]
[KRILLIN]
Hello up there!
I've seen enough.
The next stage of your
training begins tomorrow!
[GOKU panting]
[panting]
[BOTH grunting]
[sighs]
[panting]
He got me!
Ah. yes.
Uh... It would appear
that Vegeta's our winner!
[snoring]
I did it.
I... I...
...finally beat Kakarot!
[BOTH panting]
In your face!
[chuckles]
Took ya long enough.
Jeez. that was torture.
Big waste of time!
You're both morons!
Aren't they. Broly?
[CHEELAI] Right. men. of course.
You're all morons.
Oh. dear.
Hello. Bulma. is there something
I can help you with?
No. but there was
a few hours ago!
Sorry. we had an ice
cream-related technical mishap.
On the subject. do you have
any more goodies for us?
Hm... Well. I did.
Unfortunately. it's
already gone cold.
Next time. for sure! See ya!
Oh my.
Now I'm wondering
what I missed out on.